---
layout: post
author: ZweiEuro
title: only way is up! 
---

[Allegro](https://github.com/liballeg/allegro_wiki/wiki) is goddamn great!\
The tutorial is very well done, with a charm to it that is just perfect for me.\


It's fun to mess around and easy enough without too much setup beforehand, everything is structured nicely so (e.g.) as someone who isn't concerned with sound for the moment, I can easily skip it without losing out on something that might've been thrown in there. \
The principals of game design and pitfalls are really well explained, as with frameskipping and movement being tied to the framerate of the game itself, or mouse grabbing. It's really nice to get this inside look into the workings of games. \

The biggest problem I have had up until now was cmake. I don't know if i like or hate that piece of software, but it's incredible usefullness sometimes just doesn't outweigh that it is so horribly bad at telling you what you need to do in a normal use case! \
Getting simple vars set, not even ones that have internal functionality, just variables for later use like names or similar is a chore and I am not even sure I am doing it correctly. Calling `set()`with everything just gets in the way. \
To me the most illogical thing until now was `PKG_CHECK_MODULES`; look, I get what it is meant to do, and what is documented on the [cmake site](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/v3.0/module/FindPkgConfig.html) It is not immediatly obvious that when you load a module you generate a variabe with \<module\_name\>\_LIBRARIES and similar which you can use to link them with `target_link_libraries`.\
Seeing it now it's simple to say "Man you are just blind, it is so obvious!" but this is a simple case of the [hindsight bias](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csqOL_KT4Go), which Hank Green made a interesting video about.\


Knowing this kind of things is a thing makes it nowhere truer than in programming; it happens so often that you see a problem you have been struggling with for hours, maybe days and then ,after finally finding the answer, which maybe depending on your problem could be incredibly anticlimactic and just a boring typo, it will make you go "OH! SH\*T! Well obbiously that is wrong how could I have been this blind?!" \
Well, if you have ever experienced this know this, everyone who has ever had a problem has most likly experienced this feeling. It just so happens that the way many small problems are on the daily plate of a techie that this happens a lot more often, or at least it feels like this to me, I might be very well wrong here since I have only ever been inside of one brain. \

Knowing this, I feel it's a little comforting. Knowing that you, just as anyone else, struggle with problems that may have completly different roots but in nature could result in a similar feeling. \
If I could I'd rahter have you not have the issue at all, but as this seems unavoidable I am just going to keep you company. 
