---
layout: post
author: ZweiEuro
title: only way is up! 
---


Doing this for the first time makes it very exciting. \


Besides knowing that any new post on any new private server instance might as well be some spit into the ocean. \
Chances of getting seen or even read are so unfathomably low, so why bother? \
Because if you can't file anymore, why not try ? Only way is up! \
As long as I have the time, I will gladly throw myself into something I have never done or any understanding of! \
So it is sadly very realistic that it'll take me forever until any style is on this site, simply because I have never done it before and have to learn it myself ego-serving. \
In order to get the style just the way I want it ,or rather to anything I'd be happy of serving, will consume hours of my life, already looking forward of learning css, never done that. 



If you just found this you might quickly see that this is just a blank page and pretty much as raw a website as anything can get. \\
Using [jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) is a very interesting experience as I have never had the honor to work with such a high level language, or program for that matter; ruby was in general a very new experience for me. \
\\
Absolutely do not make the same mistake as I did and use a repository with some "example" base setup, after closer inspection I finally noticed that the base was over 8 years old. \
This this made sense of a lot of the incompatibility errors I've been having all the time up until now. \
Yes, the typical programming experience once again! \
But all in all it only took me a day, in which I was still going about my life, so this isn't as hard as it first seemed a task. \
or maybe I was just abnormally lucky. 


